area,city centre
area,riverside
customer rating,1 out of 5
customer rating,3 out of 5
customer rating,5 out of 5
customer rating,average
customer rating,high
customer rating,low
eatType,coffee shop
eatType,pub
eatType,restaurant
familyFriendly,no
familyFriendly,yes
food,Chinese
food,English
food,Fast food
food,French
food,Indian
food,Italian
food,Japanese
name,Alimentum
name,Aromi
name,Bibimbap House
name,Blue Spice
name,Browns Cambridge
name,Clowns
name,Cocum
name,Cotto
name,Fitzbillies
name,Giraffe
name,Green Man
name,Loch Fyne
name,Midsummer House
name,Strada
name,Taste of Cambridge
name,The Cambridge Blue
name,The Cricketers
name,The Dumpling Tree
name,The Eagle
name,The Golden Curry
name,The Golden Palace
name,The Mill
name,The Olive Grove
name,The Phoenix
name,The Plough
name,The Punter
name,The Rice Boat
name,The Twenty Two
name,The Vaults
name,The Waterman
name,The Wrestlers
name,Travellers Rest Beefeater
name,Wildwood
name,Zizzi
near,All Bar One
near,Avalon
near,Burger King
near,Café Adriatic
near,Café Brazil
near,Café Rouge
near,Café Sicilia
near,Clare Hall
near,Crowne Plaza Hotel
near,Express by Holiday Inn
near,Rainbow Vegetarian Café
near,Raja Indian Cuisine
near,Ranch
near,The Bakers
near,The Portland Arms
near,The Rice Boat
near,The Six Bells
near,The Sorrento
near,Yippee Noodle Bar
priceRange,cheap
priceRange,high
priceRange,less than £20
priceRange,moderate
priceRange,more than £30
priceRange,£20-25
